task docs improvements (#402)
iterative/terraform-provider-iterative: docs/index.md

- `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` - Secret access key.
- `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN` - (Optional) Session token.

See the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-envvars.html) for more information.

### Microsoft Azure

- `AZURE_CLIENT_ID` - Client identifier.
- `AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET` - Client secret.
- `AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID` - Subscription identifier.
- `AZURE_TENANT_ID` - Tenant identifier.

See the [Azure documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azure-identity/azure.identity.environmentcredential) for more information.

### Google Cloud Platform

- `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` - Path to a [service account](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-accounts) JSON key file.

-> **Note:** you can also use `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS_DATA` with the **contents** of the service account JSON key file.

> See the [summary of GCP credentials on the DVC site](https://dvc.org/doc/user-guide/setup-google-drive-remote#using-service-accounts) to get started quickly.

Reviewer: 🙀 That guide is tailored for Google Drive, and there are some mislaeding details, like the `GDRIVE_CREDENTIALS_DATA` environment variable. Can't we just link to the official documentation?

```suggestion
See [this guide](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started) to get started quickly.
```

Author: Hmm good point. Should we also mention https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-accounts? Perhaps not needed.

Reviewer: That's the first thing they mention in the tutorial, so I guess that it's not worth a second link.
